Rewritten intro to address readability (#55)
w3c/AB-public: Vision/README.md

# The W3C Vision: An Emphasis on Values

## Introduction
The World Wide Web was originally conceived 
as a tool for sharing information. 
It has evolved into a fundamental part of humanity, 
providing access to knowledge, education, 
commerce and shopping, social experiences, 

> civic duties, entertainment, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
government services, entertainment, and more.
```

Author: That is less clear, not more, imo.

Reviewer: I am literally not sure what civic duties I access - presumably paying taxes except I don't do that through the web. I know a wide range of government services I rely on getting through the web.

How would you translate the term into some other languages? If they are romance or germanic, that would probably help me understand better.

That said, this is editorial, and I am not the editor.

Reviewer: FWIW I find "civic functions" clearer than "civic duties".

Reviewer 2: Being able to access government info and support is a function , not a civic duty. Many actions that used to take a trip to an obscure government office in a hard-to-reach location during inconvenient hours can now be performed online, and they aren't duties.

Author: reverted.

> The Web has been a force for good, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web was foreseen as a force for good, 
```

Author: I'm not sure what the goal of this language change is?  It's less translatable, and less direct.

Reviewer: The change aims to be explicit that there was a conscious plan for the web to "improve" the world - it wasn't built as a random technological artifact that might do good or might just be toxic.

It is also motivated by the fact that "A force for good" is an incredibly subjective term. Using it as if it were a simple reality seems likely to make it hard to ever get broad agreement around an operable version of this document.

Reviewer 3: I think that intention here is to state that web was always intended to be a force for good. We want to state the intention.

Reviewer 2: Then say "The web is, and was designed to be, a force for good". But I think that assuming the intent and stating the fact is better than stating the intent and leaving whether it's happened in doubt.

and has sparked major social changes. 

> But the Web's amazing success 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But while some of those changes are beneficial to society, the Web's amazing success 
```

Author: Redundant with the previous sentence?

Reviewer: possibly. Depends what ends up happening with "The Web has been a force for good".

> has led to many unintended consequences 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has also produced unintended consequences 
```

Author: Again, I'm trying to simplify the language whereever possible.

Reviewer: OK. ("to-may-to, to-mah-to" - for me, "produce" is a simple direct verb and "lead to" is an indirect phrasing.)

that harm society: 
openness and anonymity have given rise to scams, phishing, and fraud. 
The ease of gathering personal information has led to business models 
that mine and sell detailed user data, 
without people's awareness or consent. 
Rapid global information sharing 
has allowed misinformation to flourish and be exploited 
for political or commercial gain.  
This has divided societies and incited hate. 
We must do better. 
We must take steps to address these consequences 

> in the standards we create.

Reviewer 4: Not sure about removing “unintended”, but definitely I think we mean "of the standards" rather than "in the standards" here.

Author: I think the point of this Vision is that we need to take steps to insure we are addressing the consequences *IN* the standards we create; we cannot just try to address the consequences later.

As for "unintended", I removed it because we do say "unintended consequences" above, and I don't want to end up quibbling about whether a particular consequence is intended or unintended.  We should recognize that we've caused some unintended consequences; but we should be intentional about all consequences.  (That, plus I'm trying to simplify language anywhere that I think we could be clearer and crisper.  If you feel this is necessary for clarity, say so.)
